I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.  (Georg Lichtenberg)
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.  (Alan Cohen )
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.  (Confucius)
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.   (Buddha )
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. (Chinese Proverb)
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.  (Soren Kierkegaard)
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.  (James Freeman Clarke)
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.   (Bruce Lee )
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.   (Albert Einstein)
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.  (Sophocles )
My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate — you never know what you gonna get. (Forrest Gump)
Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you.
Growth begins when we begin to accept our own weakness.   (Jean Vanier )
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.  (Marcus Aurelius)
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.  (Tony Blair )
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.   (John Adams)
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. (Doug Larson)
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.   (Carl Jung )
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.  (Robert Louis Stevenson)
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.   (Dalai Lama )
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.  (George Sand)
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.   (Chuck Norris)
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.  (Ralph Emerson)
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. (Pema Chodron)
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.   (Wayne Dyer)
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.   (Buddha )
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.   (Chanakya )
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.  (Blaise Pascal)
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. (Mahatma Gandhi)
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.   (David Brinkley)
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.  (Ivy Baker Priest)
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. (Robert Fulghum)
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.  (John Junor)
Why worry about things you can’t control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.  (Carl Jung)
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.   (Epictetus )
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.  (Thomas Edison)
Being angry never solves anything.  (Catherine Pulsifer)
Silence is a fence around wisdom.  (German Proverb )
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.  (John Lubbock)
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness. (Dalai Lama)
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway. (Mary Kay Ash)
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others. (Wayne Dyer)
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.   (Abraham Lincoln)
One faces the future with ones past. (Pearl Buck)
Ignorance never settle a question.  (Benjamin Disraeli )
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you. (Eckhart Tolle)
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre. (Uta Hagen)
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.  (Charles Chesnutt )
You teach best what you most need to learn.   (Richard Bach )
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.  (Cervantes)
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished. (Byron Pulsifer)
Our true wealth is the good we do in this world. None of us has faith unless we desire for our neighbours what we desire for ourselves. (Mohammed)
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed. (Chuang Tzu)
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.  (George Shaw )
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.   (Richard Bach )
The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
Well done is better than well said.   (Benjamin Franklin)
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.  (Eleanor Roosevelt)
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.   (Confucius )
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.   (Samuel Johnson)
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.   (Lao Tzu )
You've got a lot of choices.  If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice. (D. Woodhull)
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little. (Cheng Yen)
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.   (Tony Robbins )
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.  (Lucille Ball )
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.  (Rita Mae Brown)
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.  (Martin Fischer)
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.  (William R. Inge)
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. (Rumi)
Knowledge has three degrees — opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.  (Plotinus)
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.  (Anatole France)
What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.  (Byron Pulsifer)
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.   (John Dewey)
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.  (Ralph Emerson)
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life. (Daisaku Ikeda)
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.  (Gustave Flaubert)
When in doubt, tell the truth.  (Mark Twain)
The cautious seldom err.  (Confucius)
Why worry about things you can’t control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.   (Buddha )
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.   (Richard Bach )
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. (Chinese Proverb)
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.   (Buddha)
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.  (Cavour)
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.   (Confucius )
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.  (Philip Sidney)
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.  (Amy Tan)
What you give is what you get.  (Byron Pulsifer)
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind. (Buddha)
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.   (Marie Curie )
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.   (Buddha )
He who knows himself is enlightened.   (Lao Tzu )
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people. (Daisaku Ikeda)
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.   (Albert Einstein )
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.  (Tom Peters)
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.  (Seneca)
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. (Antoine de Saint Exupery)
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  (Harriet Stowe )
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. (Bo Jackson)
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.  (Alfred Tennyson)
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.  (Peter Drucker)
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.  (Ralph Emerson)
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  (Thomas Fuller )
The world doesn’t happen to you it happens from you.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.   (Carl Jung )
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.  (Francis Bacon)
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.  (James Faust )
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.  (Henri Bergson)
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.   (Michelangelo )
As far as your self-control goes, as far goes your freedom.  (Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach)
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.  (Horace Friess)
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.  (Robert Graves)
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  (Benjamin Franklin)
Never tell me the sky’s the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.  (Robert Orben)
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.  (Charles Darwin)
Many people have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.  (Helen Keller)
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves. (William Hazlitt)
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.  (Gail Sheehy)
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.  (Oliver Holmes)
People are like stained glass windows: they sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within.  (Elizabeth Kubler-Ross)
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.  (Henry Beecher)
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.  (Lucille Ball)
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Everything is perfect in the universe — even your desire to improve it.   (Wayne Dyer)
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself. (Buddha)
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late some day.  (Franz Liszt )
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.  (Franklin  Roosevelt)
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.   (Leonardo da Vinci)
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky. (Buddha)
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. (Buddha)
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.   (Buddha)
A stumble may prevent a fall.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? (Joe Namath)
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.   (Bruce Lee )
Our achievements of today are but the sum total of our thoughts of yesterday. You are today where the thoughts of yesterday have brought you and you will be tomorrow where the thoughts of today take you.  (Blaise Pascal )
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself. (Oscar Wilde)
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.   (Epictetus )
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.   (Bruce Lee )
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. (Oprah Winfrey)
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.   (Buddha )
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough. (Robert Heller)
The world is always in movement.  (V. Naipaul)
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.  (Albert Einstein)
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  (Benjamin Franklin)
From small beginnings come great things.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.   (Lao Tzu)
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. (Buckminster Fuller)
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.  (Gail Sheehy)
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.  (Jonas Salk)
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.  (Niccolo Machiavelli)
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.   (Wayne Dyer )
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do. (Chuck Norris)
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.   (Plutarch )
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  (Benjamin Franklin)
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   (Napoleon Hill )
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.   (Confucius )
Our intention creates our reality.   (Wayne Dyer)
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.   (Leonardo da Vinci)
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.  (Mark Twain)
Knowledge has three degrees — opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.  (Plotinus)
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.   (Abraham Lincoln)
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.  (Lee Mildon)
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.   (Wayne Dyer )
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.   (Bruce Lee )
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.   (Byron Pulsifer)
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.  (Frank Tyger)
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade. (Leo F. Buscaglia)
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.  (Thomas Paine)
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  (John F. Kennedy)
The beginning is always today.  (Mary Wollstonecraft)
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.   (Wayne Dyer)
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent. (Epictetus)
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you’ll never get back.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be  (Abraham Lincoln)
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.   (Carl Jung )
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.   (Mother Teresa )
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.  (Eknath Easwaran)
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.  (Confucius)
You see things; and you say, "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say, "Why not?"  (Bernard Shaw)
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  (Confucius)
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.   (Lao Tzu )
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.   (Epictetus )
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.  (Martha Washington)
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life. (Eckhart Tolle)
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.   (Ralph Blum)
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.  (Victor Hugo)
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.  (Walter Lippmann)
Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.  (Stephen Sigmund)
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
A house divided against itself cannot stand. (Abraham Lincoln)
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others. (Lama Yeshe)
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.  (Nelson Mandela)
I would rather be attacked than unnoticed. For the worst thing you can do to an author is to be silent as to his works. An assault upon a town is a bad thing; but starving it is still worse.  (Samuel Johnson)
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.  ( William Penn)
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.  (Albert Einstein)
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
There is only one success — to be able to spend your life in your own way.  (Christopher Morley)
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.  (Peter Drucker)
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.  (Charles  Perkhurst)
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.   (Wayne Dyer)
Beauty is all around us amidst strife and turmoil to be seen by those who look not to those who wish.  (Byron Pulsifer)
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.   (Carl Jung )
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.  (William Shakespeare )
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.  (Bishop Desmond Tutu)
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.   (Sue Patton Thoele )
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts. (Ella Fitzgerald)
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.  (Arthur Conan Doyle)
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.  (Brian Tracy )
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them. (Richard Bach)
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little. (Cheng Yen)
We can only learn to love by loving.  (Iris Murdoch)
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.  (Frank Tyger )
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.  (Sarah Breathnach)
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character. (Buddha)
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.  (Jessamyn West)
A time splashed with interest, wounded with tragedy, crevassed with joy — that’s the time that seems long in the memory. And this is right when you think about it. Eventlessness has no posts to drape duration on. (John Steinbeck)
To see things in the seed, that is genius.   (Lao Tzu )
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.   (Dalai Lama )
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.   (Wayne Dyer )
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.  (James Yorke)
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.   (Aristotle )
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.  (Zig Ziglar )
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.  (Richard Bach)
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.  (Carl Jung)
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.  (Robert Anthony )
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own. (Benjamin Disraeli)
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react. (George Bernard Shaw)
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.  (Winston Churchill)
Most smiles are started by another smile.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.   (Lao Tzu )
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  (Chinese Proverb)
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.   (Brian Tracy)
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.  (Gordon  Hinckley )
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.  (Franklin D. Roosevelt)
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.  (Lou Holtz )
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens. (Pema Chodron)
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.  (Lena Horne)
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky. (Buddha)
When our eyes see our hands doing the work of our hearts, the circle of Creation is completed inside us, the doors of our souls fly open, and love steps forth to heal everything in sight.  (Michael Bridge )
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.  (Ralph Emerson)
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on. (Tom Jackson)
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens. (Pema Chodron)
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.   (John Lennon )
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.   (Dalai Lama )
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.  (Alan Cohen )
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.  (Cynthia Ozick)
Each day, accept everything that comes to you as a gift. At night, mentally give it all back. In this way, you become free. (Daniel Levin)
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.  (Soren Kierkegaard)
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.   (Buddha)
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. (Chinese Proverb)
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.  (Edmund Burke)
Nothing will work unless you do.   (Maya Angelou )
The universe is made of stories, not atoms. (Muriel Rukeyser)
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.  (George Shaw )
I think setting a goal, getting a visual image of what it is you want. You've got to see what it is you want to achieve before you can pursue it. (Chuck Norris)
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.  (Chinese Proverb)
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.  (Albert Schweitzer )
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.   (Seneca)
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.  (Franklin Roosevelt)
Change in all things is sweet.   (Aristotle )
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.   (Albert Schweitzer )
What you give is what you get.  (Byron Pulsifer)
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate — that's my philosophy. (Thornton Wilder)
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.  (Oscar Wilde)
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do. (Chuck Norris)
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.  (Martin Luther King, Jr.)
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.   (Bruce Lee )
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. (Yogi Berra)
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.  (Ed Cunningham )
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.  (Albert Einstein)
A stumble may prevent a fall.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.  (Carl Sagan)
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.   (Carl Jung )
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. (Buddha)
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.   (Bruce Lee )
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.  (Brian Tracy )
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.   (Amiel)
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.   (Lao Tzu )
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.  (Frances de Sales)
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  (Benjamin Franklin)
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.   (Carl Jung )
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more  (Anthony Robbins)
Going back to zero can help creative juices no matter the art form you are attempting to create.  (Byron Pulsifer)
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.  (Byron Pulsifer)
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.  (Joseph Campbell)
It is better to travel well than to arrive. (Buddha)
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.  (William Shakespeare)
People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart. (Candace Bergen)
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word — excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.  (Pearl Buck:)
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  (John F. Kennedy)
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.  (Margaret Wheatley)
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished. (Byron Pulsifer)
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.  (Winston Churchill)
He who angers you conquers you.  (Elizabeth Kenny)
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue  (Confucius)
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment unless you trust enough.  ( Frank Crane)
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.  (Byron Pulsifer)
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.   (Napoleon Bonaparte )
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.   (Napoleon Hill )
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light. (Dorothy Thompson)
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.  (Oliver Holmes )
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. (Oprah Winfrey)
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.   (Napoleon Hill )
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. (Buddha)
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. (Lou Holtz)
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.  (Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart)
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.  (Vincent Lombardi)
Knowledge has three degrees — opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.  (Plotinus)
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think. (Murray Gell-Mann)
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.   (Leonardo da Vinci)
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.  (Willa Cather)
I recommend you to take care of the minutes: for hours will take care of themselves.  (Chesterfield)
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.  (Ralph Emerson)
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.  (Franklin D. Roosevelt)
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.  (Carl Sagan)
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.  (Denis Waitley )
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.  (Jean de la Fontaine)
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.  (Thomas Edison)
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  (Anne Lindbergh)
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. (Buddha)
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.  (Mary Almanac )
A rolling stone gathers no moss.  (Publilius Syrus)
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.   (Marcus Aurelius )
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.   (Mother Teresa )
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. (Etty Hillesum)
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own. (Ben Sweetland)
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. (Mary Kay Ash)
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. (Doris Mortman)
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?  (George Eliot)
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous. (Aristotle)
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   (Napoleon Hill )
Growth begins when we begin to accept our own weakness.   (Jean Vanier )
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.  (Ralph Emerson)
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity  (Louis Pasteur)
The beginning is always today.  (Mary Wollstonecraft)
Never, "for the sake of peace and quiet", deny your own experience or convictions. (Dag Hammarskjold)
So before you sing the "not enough" blues, see how far you can get with what you have.
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them. (Richard Bach)
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.   (Wayne Dyer)
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   (Richard Bach )
Someone is special only if you tell them.   (Byron Pulsifer)
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work. (Dalai Lama)
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.  (Margaret Fuller)
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.  (Margaret Bonnano)
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbour. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. (Mark Twain)
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished. (Byron Pulsifer)
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.  (Arthur Schopenhauer)
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart. (Helen Keller)
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.   (Rumi )
Each day provides its own gifts.   (Marcus Aurelius )
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart. (Helen Keller)
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.   (Byron Pulsifer)
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.  (William Shakespeare)
Love is the flower you've got to let grow. (John Lennon)
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.  (Henry Beecher)
No one has ever become poor by giving.  (Anne Frank)
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.   (Og Mandino)
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. (Jean-Paul Sartre)
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak.  Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.   (Tony Robbins )
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be. (Marsha Petrie Sue)
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.  (John Lubbock)
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.  (Helen Keller )
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.  (Byron Pulsifer)
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.   (Wayne Dyer)
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.   (Og Mandino)
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.   (Lao Tzu )
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.  (Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe )
Nothing will work unless you do.   (Maya Angelou )
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.  (Louis Pasteur)
The shortest answer is doing.  (Lord Herbert)
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.   (Confucius )
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.   (Richard Bach )
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.  (Fannie Hamer)
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
People are like stained glass windows: they sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within.  (Elizabeth Kubler-Ross)
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.  (Richard Bach)
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.  (Byron Pulsifer )
Be as you wish to seem.   (Socrates )
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.  (Buddha)
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.  (Confucius)
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.   (Elbert Hubbard )
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. (Oscar Wilde)
The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.  (Claire Charmont )
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands. (Richard Bach)
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.  (Fran Watson )
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.  (Johann Wolfgang von Goethe )
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.   (Brian Tracy)
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.  (Sigmund Freud)
Never tell me the sky’s the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.  (Rita Mae Brown)
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.  (Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe )
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.  (Liberace)
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.  (Jonas Salk)
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.  (William Lyon Phelps)
He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.   (Lao Tzu )
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want. (Ben Stein)
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.  (Lloyd Jones)
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.  (Demosthenes)
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.  (Albert Einstein)
The shortest answer is doing.  (Lord Herbert)
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.  (Richard Bach)
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.  (Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. (Marcus Aurelius)
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  (General Douglas MacArthur )
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. (Alan Watts)
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.  (Amy Tan)
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.   (Aristotle )
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. (Stephen Jobs)
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.   (Wayne Dyer)
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.   (Og Mandino)
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.  (William Shakespeare )
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. (Morris West)
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket. (Doug Horton)
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.  (Barack Obama)
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  (Thomas Fuller )
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.   (Richard Bach )
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. (Martin Luther King)
Our distrust is very expensive.  (Ralph Emerson)
All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.  (John Eliot)
He is able who thinks he is able.  (Buddha)
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.  (Mark Twain)
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.   (Denis Waitley)
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.  (Eden Phillpotts)
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable. (Kathleen Norris)
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things. (Joe Paterno)
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.  (Mahummad Ali)
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart. (Helen Keller)
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.   (Marcus Aurelius )
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.  (Confucius)
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. (Pema Chodron)
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  (Byron Pulsifer )
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. (Pema Chodron)
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.  (Henry Ford )
You always succeed in producing a result.   (Tony Robbins )
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.  (Albert Schweitzer)
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.   (Confucius )
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.  (Confucius )
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.  (Ralph Emerson)
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.   (Lao Tzu )
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.  (Ovid)
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.   (Buddha )
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.   (Napoleon Hill )
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.  (Brian Tracy)
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.   (Abraham Lincoln)
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.   (Richard Bach )
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.   (Rumi )
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.  (Honore De Balzac)
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. (Robert Stevenson)
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance. (Byron Pulsifer)
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.   (Wayne Dyer)
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.  (Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. (H. Jackson Browne)
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.  (Anais Nin)
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.  (Marcus Aurelius)
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.  (Henri-Frederic Amiel)
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   (Buddha)
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
I believe that every person is born with talent.   (Maya Angelou )
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.   (Carl Jung )
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.  (Ivy Baker Priest)
The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.   (Jim Bishop )
Not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.  (Sala)
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.  (Philip Sidney)
Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.  (Tomas Eliot)
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.  (Frank Tyger)
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.  (Henri Bergson)
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.   (Carl Jung )
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.  (Ralph Emerson)
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?   (Sun Tzu )
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close. (Daisaku Ikeda)
It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures. (Byron Pulsifer)
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.  (John Steinbeck)
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves — there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.  (Joan Didion)
Silence is a fence around wisdom.  (German Proverb )
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.   (Marcus Aurelius )
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs. (Lin-yutang)
Example has more followers than reason.  (Christian Bovee)
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.   (Bruce Lee )
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.  (Edna Millay)
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.   (Lewis Cass)
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.  (Rita Mae Brown)
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.  (Theodore Rubin)
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. (Confucius)
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.  (Plato)
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.  (Albert Schweitzer)
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. (Aesop)
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability. (Zig Ziglar)
As you think, so shall you become.   (Bruce Lee )
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.  (William Ward)
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.   (Buddha )
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.   (Donald Kircher )
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.   (Marcus Aurelius )
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.  (Michael Jordan)
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.  (William Sloane Coffin)
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket. (Doug Horton)
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.  (German Proverb )
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.   (Richard Bach )
All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.  (John Eliot)
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.  (Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe)
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.  (Oliver Holmes)
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength. (Dalai Lama)
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.  (Napoleon Hill)
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.  (Ralph Emerson)
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.  (Eleanor Roosevelt)
When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade.  (Dale Carnegie )
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.  (Epictetus)
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.  (Rene Descartes)
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to. (George Allen)
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.  (Charles Chesnutt )
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.   (Napoleon Bonaparte )
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.  (Ralph Emerson)
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.  (Robert Kennedy)
Learning is finding out what you already know.   (Richard Bach )
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.  (Immanuel Kant)
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   (Plutarch )
To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world — that I am able to change it in positive ways.  (Maxine Kingston)
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are. (Tim Menchen)
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.  (Orison Marden)
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true. (Buddha)
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you’ll never get back.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.   (Buddha )
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you. (Lao Tzu)
When deeds speak, words are nothing.   (African Proverb)
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.   (William Shakespeare )
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.   (Richard Bach )
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. (Napoleon Hill)
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.  (Jawaharlal Nehru)
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  (William Menninger)
Anyone who proposes to do good must not expect people to roll stones out of his way, but must accept his lot calmly if they even roll a few more upon it.  (Albert Schweitzer)
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. (Epictetus)
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.   (Abraham Lincoln)
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.  (Pablo Picasso)
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
Every day I shall put my papers in order and every day I shall say farewell. And the real farewell, when it comes, will only be a small outward confirmation of what has been accomplished within me from day to day. (Etty Hillesum)
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.  (George Matthew Adams)
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.   (Donald Trump )
To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity. (Byron Pulsifer)
Love the moment. Flowers grow out of dark moments. Therefore, each moment is vital. It affects the whole. Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed.  (Corita Kent)
My reputation grows with every failure.  (George Shaw)
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.  (Henry Longfellow)
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.   (Richard Bach )
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. (Robert Brault)
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.  (Barbara De Angelis)
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.   (Wayne Dyer)
We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.  (Jean Lacordaire)
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think. (Murray Gell-Mann)
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.  (Carlos Castaneda)
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.  (Ella Wilcox)
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.  (Hugh Miller )
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent. (Paul Graham)
I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.  (Byron Pulsifer)
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.  (Cervantes)
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  (Helen Keller)
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.  (Ambrose Bierce)
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. (Benjamin Disraeli )
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.  (John Lennon)
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.  (Nelson Mandela )
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.  (Bertrand Russell)
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.  (Booker Washington )
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.  (Buddha)
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. (Jim Rohn)
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.  (Ralph Emerson)
Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.  (Mark Twain)
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!  (Cathy Pulsifer)
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.  (James Yorke)
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.  (Ivy Baker Priest)
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.   (Abraham Lincoln)
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless." (Pema Chodron)
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. (Bruce Lee)
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.  (Gloria Steinem)
Never, never, never give up.   (Winston Churchill )
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. (John Wooden)
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.   (Henry Longfellow )
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances. (Lee Womack)
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.  (William Shakespeare )
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were. (Richard Bach)
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them? (Buddha)
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.   (Wayne Dyer)
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. (Oprah Winfrey)
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. (Thomas Jefferson)
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.  (Albert Camus)
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.  (Publilius Syrus)
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.  (Sigmund Freud )
To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.  (Johannes Gaertner)
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. (Mary Kay Ash)
Everything you can imagine is real.   (Pablo Picasso )
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say. (Calvin Coolidge)
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. (Anne Frank)
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  (John F. Kennedy)
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.  (Jules Poincare)
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.  (John Steinbeck)
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.  (Madame de Stael)
Example has more followers than reason.  (Christian Bovee)
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.  (Albert Einstein)
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. (Laozi)
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.  (A. A. Milne)
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.   (Napoleon Bonaparte )
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.   (Buddha )
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky. (Buddha)
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. (Dalai Lama)
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. (Aldous Huxley)
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. (George Bernard Shaw)
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. (Les Brown)
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  (Harriet Stowe )
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.   (Wayne Dyer)
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. (George Patton)
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.   (Bruce Lee )
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.  (Winston Churchill)
Action is the foundational key to all success.   (Pablo Picasso)
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands. (Richard Bach)
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. (Goethe)
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.  (Paul Tillich)
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.  (Corita Kent)
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.   (Albert Schweitzer)
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to. (George Allen)
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. (James Barrie)
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you. (Julie Morgenstern)
Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others. (Buddha)
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.  ( Michael Vance)
The hardest thing in the world is to simplify your life. It’s so easy to make it complex.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.  (Albert Schweitzer)
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.   (Og Mandino)
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.  (Confucius)
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.  (Henry Reed)
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. (Marianne Williamson)
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.  (Frank Wright)
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal. (Vince Lombardi)
Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.  (Arie de Gues)
You really can change the world if you care enough.  (Marian Edelman)
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.  (Carlos Castaneda)
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.   (Buddha )
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.   (Marcus Aurelius )
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. (Wayne Dyer)
The simplest things are often the truest.   (Richard Bach )
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?   (Buddha )
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. (Norman Cousins)
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.  (Cervantes)
Our true wealth is the good we do in this world. None of us has faith unless we desire for our neighbours what we desire for ourselves. (Mohammed)
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. (Benjamin Disraeli )
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.  (Sigmund Freud )
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.   (Albert Schweitzer)
You teach best what you most need to learn.   (Richard Bach )
All things change; nothing perishes.  (Ovid)
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.  (Eriksson)
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience. (Victoria Holt)
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.  (Brian Tracy)
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.   (Wayne Dyer)
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.   (Wayne Dyer)
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.  (Edgar Allan Poe)
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. (Lou Holtz)
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.  (Edward Ericson)
If you don't know where you are going, you can never get lost. (Herb Cohen)
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.  (Walter Scott )
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. (Benjamin Disraeli)
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. (Thomas Jefferson)
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.   (Napoleon Bonaparte )
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.  (Buddha)
All is flux; nothing stays still.  (Heraclitus)
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.  (Sarah Breathnach)
When anger use your energy to do something productive.  (C. Pulsifer	)
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.  (Robert Graves)
Skill to do comes of doing.  (Ralph Emerson)
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.  (Walter Lippmann)
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck. (Dalai Lama)
Error is discipline through which we advance.  (Channing)
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.  (Edward Ericson)
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.  (Winston Churchill)
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.   (Abraham Lincoln)
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it. (M. Scott Peck)
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace. (Dalai Lama)
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.  (A. A. Milne)
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.  (Franklin  Roosevelt)
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.  (Anatole France)
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.  (Madame de Stael)
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes.
If you want to study yourself — look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people — look into your own heart.  (Friedrich von Schiller)
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.  (Pierre Auguste Renoir)
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.  (Henry Miller)
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.  (George Matthew Adams)
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own. (Ben Sweetland)
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.  (Booker Washington)
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?   (Buddha )
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. (Buckminster Fuller)
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  (Ralph Waldo Emerson )
As you think, so shall you become.   (Bruce Lee )
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.  (Andy Warhol)
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.  (Moliere)
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible. (Epictetus)
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.  (Jane Addams)
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. (John Lennon)
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.  (John Adams)
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.  (Henry James)
Most smiles are started by another smile.
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on. (Tom Jackson)
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.  (Eleanor Roosevelt)
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.  (Tom Lehrer)
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. (Buddha)
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.  (Edgar Allan Poe)
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.  (Alfred Tennyson)
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless." (Pema Chodron)
I think there is something, more important than believing: action! The world is full of dreamers, there aren't enough who will move ahead and begin to take concrete steps to actualize their vision. (Clement Stone)
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.  (Immanuel Kant)
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.   (Confucius )
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  (Thomas Fuller )
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.  (Ovid)
Be as you wish to seem.   (Socrates )
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.   (Napoleon Hill )
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.  (Saul Alinsky)
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.  (Edward Gibbon)
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.  (Amy Tan)
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open. (Thomas Dewar)
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.  (Eknath Easwaran)
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. (Bruce Lee)
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.  (Anne Schaef)
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.  (Knute Rockne)
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.  (Jules Poincare)
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.   (Chanakya )
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.  (Winston Churchill)
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.  (Robert Kennedy)
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.  (Michael Korda)
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.   (Seneca)
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?   (Buddha )
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.  (Ralph Emerson)
As you think, so you are. As you dream, so you become. As you create your wishes, so they create you.  (Wendy Garrett)
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  (Thomas Fuller )
Truth is powerful and it prevails.  (Sojourner Truth)
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.  (Tony Blair )
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. (Albert Einstein)
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.  (William R. Inge)
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.   (Lao Tzu )
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   (Napoleon Hill )
Being angry never solves anything.  (Catherine Pulsifer)
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.  (Publilius Syrus)
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.  (Edwin Markham)
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you’ll never get back.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.   (Sai Baba )
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together. (Georg Lichtenberg)
In order to win, you must expect to win.   (Richard Bach )
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.  (Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama)
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.  (Demosthenes)
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.  (Arthur Schopenhauer)
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life. (Byron Pulsifer)
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.   (Helen Keller)
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.   (Buddha)
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding. (Albert Einstein)
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.  (Blaise Pascal)
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. (Lawrence Peter)
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.  (Henry Miller)
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true. (Buddha)
Never let lack of money interfere with having fun.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose. (Mary Pickford)
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue  (Confucius)
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.   (Buddha)
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.  (Edward Ericson)
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.  (Albert Einstein)
God always takes the simplest way.   (Albert Einstein )
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.  (Abraham Lincoln)
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.   (Lao Tzu )
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.   (Henri-Frederic Amiel)
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.  (Charles Darwin)
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.  (David Seamans)
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.  (Ralph Emerson)
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.  (Dennis Kimbro )
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.  (Tryon Edwards)
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.  (Henri Bergson)
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.  (Nathaniel Hawthorne)
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.  (Joseph Campbell)
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.  (Edwin Markham)
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.  (Winifred Holtby)
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   (Buddha)
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.  (Byron Pulsifer)
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.  (Richard Bach)
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!  (John Pierrakos )
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open. (Thomas Dewar)
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.   (Richard Bach )
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.  (Confucius )
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.  (Lucille Ball )
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have laboured hard for. (Socrates)
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be. (Socrates)
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.  (Mark Twain)
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.  (Henri Bergson)
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.  (Ralph Emerson)
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts. (William Shakespeare)
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.   (Og Mandino)
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.  (Honore De Balzac)
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  (Benjamin Franklin)
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.  (André Gide)
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. (George Patton)
It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today. (Lama Yeshe)
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
If you wish to be a writer, write.   (Epictetus )
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.  (Oprah Winfrey)
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.  (Richard Braunstein)
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. (John Barrymore)
Ignorance never settle a question.  (Benjamin Disraeli )
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.  (Albert Einstein)
My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate — you never know what you gonna get. (Forrest Gump)
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.   (Confucius )
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way. (Thich Nhat Hanh)
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself. (Alan Alda)
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.   (Rumi )
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.  (Henry Thoreau)
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.  (Grandma Moses)
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  (Orison Marden )
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life. (Anais Nin)
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. (William Shakespeare)
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. (Thomas Jefferson)
If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.  (Carla Gordon)
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about. (Angela Schwindt)
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.  (Margaret Cousins)
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.  (Will Durant)
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life. (Anais Nin)
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. (Goethe)
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbour. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. (Mark Twain)
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances. (Lee Womack)
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.  (Margaret Runbeck )
Life can be found only in the present moment. The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life.  (Thich Nhat Hanh)
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. (Alan Watts)
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.  (Cervantes)
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.  (Confucius)
Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms — to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.  (Victor Frankl)
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts. (Buddha)
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. (Thomas Edison)
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.   (Amiel)
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.   (Napoleon Hill )
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. (Thomas Jefferson)
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.  (Mark Twain)
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.  (Lucille Ball )
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place. (Nora Roberts)
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. (Sri Chinmoy)
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.   (Wayne Dyer)
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want. (Ben Stein)
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. (Norman Cousins)
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.  (Benjamin Disraeli )
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.  (Ralph Emerson)
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.  (Saul Alinsky)
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength. (Dalai Lama)
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?   (Sun Tzu )
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy. (Jane Roberts)
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!  (Cathy Pulsifer)
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.  (Napoleon Hill)
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   (Buddha)
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.  (Ralph Emerson)
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.  (Nietzsche)
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.  (Confucius)
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.  (A. A. Milne)
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.   (Maya Angelou)
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability. (Zig Ziglar)
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.  (Elizabeth Browning)
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.   (Marcus Aurelius )
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.   (Richard Bach )
To will is to select a goal, determine a course of action that will bring one to that goal, and then hold to that action till the goal is reached. The key is action.  (Michael Hanson)
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. (Confucius)
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it. (Lou Holtz)
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.  (Benjamin Disraeli )
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.   (Marie Curie )
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.  (Joseph Campbell)
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.  (Annie Dillard)
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.   (Buddha )
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.  (Buddha )
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself. (Alan Alda)
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.   (Epictetus )
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving. (Sheldon Kopp)
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. (Thich Nhat Hanh)
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.  (Byron Pulsifer)
Acceptance says, "True, this is my situation at the moment. I'll look unblinkingly at the reality of it. But I'll also open my hands to accept willingly whatever a loving Father sends me." (Catharine Marshall)
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. (Jim Rohn)
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.   (Tony Robbins )
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. (Napoleon Hill)
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.  (Andy Rooney)
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  (Anne Lindbergh)
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call "failure" is not the falling down, but the staying down.  (Mary Pickford)
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.  (Henry Thoreau)
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.   (Chuck Norris)
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs. (Lin-yutang)
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.   (Lao Tzu )
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. (Paul Boese)
If you want to study yourself — look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people — look into your own heart.  (Friedrich von Schiller)
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.   (Confucius )
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.   (Epictetus )
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.  (Alexander Bell)
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   (Michael Jackson )
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.   (Epictetus )
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
A good teacher is like a candle — it consumes itself to light the way for others.
Everything you can imagine is real.   (Pablo Picasso )
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.   (William Shakespeare )
We are all something, but none of us are everything.  (Blaise Pascal)
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.   (Lao Tzu )
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.   (Confucius )
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind. (Leonardo da Vinci)
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.  (Eden Phillpotts)
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.   (Tehyi Hsieh)
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.  (Carl Bard )
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.  (Oscar Wilde)
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  (Byron Pulsifer )
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do. (Albert Gray)
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.   (William Shakespeare )
If you wish to be a writer, write.   (Epictetus )
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. (Oscar Wilde)
All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.  (John Eliot)
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.   (Michelangelo )
A good rest is half the work.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close. (Daisaku Ikeda)
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.  (Anais Nin)
I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship. (Louisa Alcott)
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough. (Robert Heller)
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace. (Ajahn Chah)
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.  (Eleanor Roosevelt)
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.  (Ivy Baker Priest)
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.  (Charles Darwin)
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  (Kenji Miyazawa)
He who knows himself is enlightened.   (Lao Tzu )
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. (Harry Kemp)
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.  (Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.   (Leonardo da Vinci)
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.  (John Marshall)
There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept, things we don't want to know but have to learn, and people we can't live without but have to let go.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.  (David Eddings )
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.  (Walter Lippmann)
When the solution is simple, God is answering.   (Albert Einstein)
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.  (William Yeats)
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.  (Ambrose Bierce)
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.  (Elizabeth Browning)
You only lose what you cling to. (Buddha)
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace. (Dalai Lama)
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.  (Frederick Douglass)
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.   (Toni Morrison)
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.  (Dale Carnegie)
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.  (Mahatma Gandhi )
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.  (Theodore Rubin)
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.  (Laozi)
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.  (Liberace)
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. (Abraham Lincoln)
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. (Bruce Lee)
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself. (Buddha)
Well done is better than well said.  (Benjamin Franklin)
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.   (Buddha )
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.   (Marcus Aurelius )
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kill. (Buddha)
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.  (Sigmund Freud )
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others. (Cicero)
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.  (Cavour)
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?   (Buddha )
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.  (Denis Waitley)
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.  (Buddha)
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.  (Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama)
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person, you may be the world. (Brandi Snyder)
Never let lack of money interfere with having fun.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.  (Ralph Emerson)
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.   (Mother Teresa )